[DataGrid] Allows to customize variant of value input in filter panel (#4826)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/filtering/filtering.md

| `operatorInputProps`     | `MuiDataGrid-filterFormOperatorInput`     |
| `valueInputProps`        | `MuiDataGrid-filterFormValueInput`        |

> The value input is a spacial case, because it can be any input component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value input is a special case, because it can be any input component.
```

> You can either [create your own `InputComponent`](#create-a-custom-operator).
> You can provide `InputComponentProps` which will be passed directly to `InputComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either [create your own `InputComponent`](#create-a-custom-operator) or provide `InputComponentProps` that will be passed directly to `InputComponent`.
```
